# AON (Andrezao Object Notation)

AON is a C++ library for serializing and deserializing data in a proprietary
format, created by Andrezao, a professor at UNIOESTE. This library was created
to simplify the process of handling input files given to students, which are
often presented in unusual and humorous ways.

## Features

AON provides a simple and efficient way to convert data from various C++ data
types to a serialized format that can be easily parsed and read by the AON
library. This serialized format is designed to be human-readable and easy to
edit, which makes it perfect for Andrezao's purposes.

The library also provides Python bindings via Pybind11, which allows developers
to use AON in Python projects as well. This makes it easy to integrate AON into
existing Python projects, and take advantage of the library's serialization and
deserialization capabilities.

## Why use AON?

AON is designed to be easy to use and flexible, making it a great choice for a
wide range of projects. Some benefits of using AON include:

Easy to read and edit: AON's serialized format is designed to be human-readable,
which makes it easy to understand and modify input data. Efficient: AON is
designed to be fast and efficient, which makes it a great choice for projects
that require high performance. Flexible: AON can handle a wide range of C++ data
types, making it a great choice for projects that work with diverse data. Python
bindings: AON provides Python bindings via Pybind11, which allows developers to
easily integrate AON into their Python projects. Contributing

AON is an open-source project, and contributions are always welcome. If you find
a bug or have an idea for a new feature, please open an issue on the AON GitHub
repository. If you would like to contribute code, please fork the repository and
submit a pull request.

## License

AON is released under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more
information.
